hey guys Jubilee 182 here and welcome to
part 42 of my DVD collection I just want
to apologize about my camera it's been
pissing me off all day I don't know
what's wrong with it but anyway today we
were talking about Halloween h2o came
out in 1998 was directed by Steve miner
and written by Robert Zakia and Matt
Greenberg their names are about a
hundred percent but I believe that's
their names and it stars Jamie Lee
Curtis reprising her role of Laurie
Strode
from the original team Halloween films
this time going by the name Carrie Tate
she has a son who's played by Josh
Hartnett named John Kerry's love
interest played by Adam Arkin has named
will I remember there's just a few other
characters I've ever shot Williams plays
Molly Jodie little Keith plays Sarah I
believe and Chris Duran plays Michael -
of course so this movie starts off with
the original nurse from the original
Halloween who's driving to the
sanitarium with dr. Loomis and the
original Halloween in this film she's
returning home obviously from a day at
the hospital or whatever and and you I
guess dr. Loomis and he died he left all
his work and his paperwork with this
nurse or whatever and Michael Meyers has
broken into her house and completely
ransacked it looking for any trace of
where to find his sister or a stroke
long story short Michael kills her
Mexico neighbours kills her steals her
car and makes his way to this
prestigious prep school where Terry Tate
formerly known as Larry strode is now
headmistress I guess you could say she's
living on campus with her son John I
will said Josh so anyway she's having
nightmares
she's completely she's heavily medicated
she's a raging alcoholic she's she's
dreaming of her brother all the time
she's completely paranoid about the fact
that he's gonna come back and try to
kill her once again she is not convinced
he is dead she's driving everyone around
her completely crazy her son has had it
her
well I guess really her sons the only
one who really knows about it at the
film but her sons had it with her he's
sick of hearing a bit Michael Myers he's
he's trying to convince his mother that
Mike is dead long story short
Michael returns to the prep school well
doesn't for sure makes his way to the
prep school starts killing the
characters off one by one until the
final battle between Laurie and Michael
which is one of the things I love about
this film is just the way Laurie fought
back she wasn't gonna take this crap
anymore from Michael Myers and she was
gonna defend yourself and that's
something a lot of horror movies are
missing I'm sick and tired of seeing the
scared female victim running away from
the killer I want to see the bitch pick
up an axe and swing it out the fuckers
head exactly what Laurie Strode does in
this film she picks up an axe and she
goes to fight for her life after making
sure her son is safe after making sure
there's no exit out of the school she
breaks the entrance thing to the gate so
no one can leave and she goes in there
and she fights Michael to the death now
I don't want to get into detail about
the storyline or anything but pretty
much said it Laurie Strode 20 years
laters working at the school Michael
Myers returns to the revenge kill his
sister killed her son anyone that is in
his bloodline this film pretty much
forgets about Halloween parts for
through five or four through six already
just completely free as women there's no
mention of Jamie whatsoever it's more of
a direct sequel to the original two
Halloween's things I like about the
movie Jamie Lee Curtis was absolutely
fantastic in this film
I love the battle between her and
Michael let those say the storyline I
found was actually quite interesting I
really enjoyed watching Michael make his
way to the school
I enjoyed the very stalkerish tone
Michael had in this movie he was very
methodical he was very creepy and Amy
and he just seemed to take his time and
that's one of the things I love about
Michaels he never rushes he takes his
time but overall I was a little
disappointed with the performance
of Michael Myers the actor that played
Michael Myers Chris Durant was kind of
disappointed I didn't like the way he
he'd walked when he was going after
Laurie Strode or something and the score
for this movie the score was just
butchered I'm sorry guys I love this
movie to death but I could have scored
this movie better the Halloween theme is
in there but there's a lot of like music
from the movie screen West pretty good
screen where is he got that deep workers
the orchestra playing I didn't like that
I don't like Michael Myers walking down
a hallway about to kill someone any that
leave me that just doesn't see that how
we film I think I know a lot of people
were pissed off that Rob Zombie didn't
really incorporate the Halloween theme
in how long to is Halloween too but at
least the music suited the film but it
wasn't music from another film and this
they just took the screen music and
slapped it in there and that was kind of
craptastic in my opinion um the only
other thing I had a problem with it in
this movie and I'm sure all of you know
what I'm gonna say is that they used
like four or five different masks and
I'm sure that could have been avoided I
don't know why before they even made
this fuckin movie they didn't just pick
a mast and stick with it even if it was
horrible I would've been able to live
with that more than changing it every
time you see Michael he looks different
and even the one scene where he kills
the dude in the with the corkscrew or
whatever his mask is CGI
it's it's so blatant complete it's just
right in your face that does not look
real and that pissed me off further than
that I can't say anything bad about this
with you it's I enjoy it at a good time
watching it thank at least Busta Rhymes
isn't it that's all I have to say so if
you haven't seen Halloween h2o
definitely check it out it deserves to
be washed if you haven't seen any of the
Halloween movies definitely watch the
first one first the original if you're
gonna watch one two then this that works
you can skip four five and six or if you
want to watch the wall we'll go ahead
and do that too because Halloween is
kick ass it's my favorite franchise in
the world
and I can never get enough Michael Myers
so yeah sorry for not going too much
into the storyline I just wanted to kind
of talk about the movie I guess
pick it up with him Tina I got this for
like 10 bucks can't complain
have a great day and I will talk to you
guys